README.md, before:

# JSONFlow — Smart JSON Formatter & Viewer

**JSONFlow** is a modern React + TypeScript web app built with Vite that lets you format, validate, upload, download, and manage JSON data beautifully — all in a sleek, theme-toggle interface.

---

## 🚀 Features

- ✨ **Live JSON Formatting** — Pretty-print and validate JSON instantly  
- 📂 **Upload / Download** — Load JSON files and export formatted versions  
- 💾 **LocalStorage Support** — Automatically saves your last JSON input  
- 🌗 **Dark / Light Mode** — Smooth theme toggle with preference memory  
- 📋 **Copy to Clipboard** — One-click copy of formatted output  
- 🔔 **Toast Notifications** — Instant feedback on every user action  

---

## 🧱 Tech Stack

- ⚡ **Vite** (Build tool)  
- ⚛️ **React + TypeScript** (Frontend)  
- 🎨 **CSS Modules** for styling  
- 🔔 **React-Toastify** for notifications  

---

## 🛠️ Getting Started

### 1️⃣ Clone the repo
```bash
git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/jsonflow.git
cd jsonflow
```
### 2️⃣ Install dependencies
```bash
npm install

```
3️⃣ Run the project
```bash
npm run dev

```
## Future Scope

1. Add support for converting JSON to other formats like CSV or XML.

2. Include a visual JSON tree viewer for easier data exploration.

3. Allow users to compare two JSON files and view differences.

4. Add Recent My Files section to see the files.

5. Handle Large sized files.



📄 License

This project is open-source and available under the MIT License
.

Commit message:

Updated README.md to add Delete feature description.

README.md, after:

# JSONFlow — Smart JSON Formatter & Viewer

**JSONFlow** is a modern React + TypeScript web app built with Vite that lets you format, validate, upload, download, and manage JSON data beautifully — all in a sleek, theme-toggle interface.

---

## 🚀 Features

- ✨ **Live JSON Formatting** — Pretty-print and validate JSON instantly  
- 📂 **Upload / Download** — Load JSON files and export formatted versions  
- 💾 **LocalStorage Support** — Automatically saves your last JSON input  
- 🌗 **Dark / Light Mode** — Smooth theme toggle with preference memory  
- 📋 **Copy to Clipboard** — One-click copy of formatted output  
- 🔔 **Toast Notifications** — Instant feedback on every user action  
- 🗑️ **Delete Button**- Delete files that are uploaded and clears the editor for formatting another JSON code/file again.

---

## 🧱 Tech Stack

- ⚡ **Vite** (Build tool)  
- ⚛️ **React + TypeScript** (Frontend)  
- 🎨 **CSS Modules** for styling  
- 🔔 **React-Toastify** for notifications  

---

## 🛠️ Getting Started

### 1️⃣ Clone the repo
```bash
git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/jsonflow.git
cd jsonflow
```
### 2️⃣ Install dependencies
```bash
npm install

```
3️⃣ Run the project
```bash
npm run dev

```
## Future Scope

1. Add support for converting JSON to other formats like CSV or XML.

2. Include a visual JSON tree viewer for easier data exploration.

3. Allow users to compare two JSON files and view differences.

4. Add Recent My Files section to see the files.

5. Handle Large sized files.



📄 License

This project is open-source and available under the MIT License
.
